feat: workspace catalog app ui steps 2.1.1 (#3969)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.1/workspaces/applications/catalog-applications/application-deployment/index.md

export WORKSPACE_NAMESPACE=<workspace_namespace>
```

> After creating a GitRepository, you can either use the Kommander UI or the CLI to deploy your custom applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating a GitRepository, you can either use the Kommander UI or the CLI to deploy your catalog applications.
```

Author: done

> After creating a GitRepository, you can either use the Kommander UI or the CLI to deploy your catalog applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After creating a GitRepository, use either the Kommander UI or the CLI to deploy your catalog applications.
```

## Deploy the application using the Kommander UI

> Go to the Kommander UI to deploy your custom applications:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Go to the Kommander UI to deploy your catalog applications:
```

Author: done

> Go to the Kommander UI to deploy your catalog applications:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to deploy your catalog applications from the Kommander UI:
```

1.  Select the desired **Workspace**

1.  Select **Applications** on the left navigation bar to browse the available applications from your configured repositories.

1.  Select your desired application.

1.  Select the version you'd like to deploy from the version drop-down, and then select Deploy. The `Deploy Workspace Catalog Application` page is displayed.

> 1.  (Optional) If you want to override the default configuration values, copy your values content into the text editor under **Configure Service** or just upload your yaml file that contains the values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  (Optional) If you want to override the default configuration values, copy your customized values into the text editor under **Configure Service** or upload your yaml file that contains the values:
```

> 
>    ```yaml
>    someField: someValue
>    ```
> 
> 1. Once you confirm the details are correct, click the `Deploy` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    ```yaml
    someField: someValue
    ```

1.  Once you confirm the details are correct, click the `Deploy` button.
```

Author: done

> 1.  Once you confirm the details are correct, select the `Deploy` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Confirm the details are correct, and then select the `Deploy` button.
```

For all applications, you must provide a display name and an ID which is automatically generated based on what you enter for the display name, unless or until you edit the ID directly. The ID must be compliant with [Kubernetes DNS subdomain name validation rules](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-subdomain-names).

> Alternately, you can use the [CLI](#deploy-the-application-using-the-cli) to deploy your custom applications.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Alternately, you can use the [CLI](#deploy-the-application-using-the-cli) to deploy your catalog applications.
```

Author: done
